This is an aluminum keyboard gamer and this is an aluminum keyboard healthy
a person is wireless and 3 times cheaper than a brine e60 720 and with what brine is good so
it is with a design all neatly thin and without extra details the keyboard is small
light and thin which distinguishes it from the hefty keyboards that we all
accustomed to the aluminum substrate everything else is of matte plastic which
pleasant to the touch and does not allow fingers to slide off due to the fact that such words
thin she bends a little but not critical shorter appearance of materials and
assembly I liked the keyboard works on bluetooth and only on
bluetooth it hints at the fact that it is designed for tablets, moreover
Mostly for tablets, novelties, this is indicated by the fact that there is a button
windows give the touchpad supports all Hungarian movements for example with you
three fingers to go backward to browsers or slide two fingers to
up and down movement however it does not interfere with use
keyboard not only with devices on Windows but also on other operating systems to that
You can use it not only with tablets, but with all devices where there is bluetooth
You can even connect the bluetooth adapter to the TV
and for tes it is very convenient
the grass needs to be said that the keyboard is not suitable for typing large texts
for compactness, the buttons are shifted from the usual positions and blind dialing is doomed
to failure as well as not blind especially in the first
a couple of days until you get used to that right shift passed for arrows
enter is small and due to the huge caps lock and the left shift two rows of buttons
confused rights in the other side to communicate in social networks and work with the browser
in the TV and this is a great option buttons though small but fall on
they are not difficult responsiveness they have excellent
the distance between the keys will not allow you to press two buttons at the same time and
having a touchpad makes it easy to work alone can confuse the rubber
the legs are only on the sides and not in the center so when you type on the table
then the keyboard flexes but to be honest is much nicer and
more convenient to use it when she is on her knees
It works the whole thing from the battery that charges an hour and keeps the charge
at least a week with normal use for those who do not like white
color or for people with a more practical approach klava is in the black light
so lazy as I find it difficult to get out of bed make it quieter or
rewind the movie and designed this keyboard if you need a wireless
keyboard for tablet or telephones for social networking or surfing in
On the Internet, look at the crab, especially since it is in any interior
that's all with you was online photo store yuri my name is maxim
subscribe to our channel but if you want to get this
the keyboard is absolutely free you just need to go to the page in the description
to this video take part in the competition and a bit of luck so far